ah
The flight to larva that rhymes with love will be
fill the grandson's energy life
wisdom and warned he plays grass
turns child again makes mischief and
takes life more lightly when it is
near the grandson
the grandfather and the tireless and loves to be called
of tremendous abuse is present in
education of the grandchildren knows the
be serious
dick to make and receive a flight
always the right direction
grandparents are parents twice pure heroes
of feeling
many are responsible for educating the
grandson
teacher educators will be
wu is to know that the family will last and
the effort to form a family gave
fruits and it will always be that after
grandchildren saw the great-grandchildren and
family will increase and will always have
story to tell will be perpetuated by
many generations will be strength is
start a family and see them grow in
harmony love prosperity friendship and
blessed sincerity and be all the
grandparents of the world
is